Steps to link SFML with Visual Studio Community 2022 / 2026

1. Create a new project in VS community, make a .cpp file and at least run it for one time so its output folder is formed in the folder.
2. In the Help section on the top menu options, click on "About Microsoft Visual Studio".
3. Click on "Copy info" on the right side of information.
4. Open your guru ji, THE Chatgpt, paste that info and ask which version of SFML exactly is to be installed in my laptop.
5. Hopefully it will give the link to open the SFML download website, open the link and download that specific version of SFML.
SFML is the library which is used to add graphics, sounds, and other stuff like that. We are going to use that library to add extraordinary features in our game👽
6. Setup will be in .rar file, so unzip it and extract where you want.
7. It will include a folder whose name would be like SFML-2.6.1-windows-vc17-64-bit, so rename it to just SFML.
8. Cut/Copy that folder named SFML and paste it in C partition.
9. Open that project in VS community, at the top menu options click on project and open your project properties.
10. On the top, Select "all configuration" in the configuration option and select x64 in the platforms.
11. In the left bar, expand  C/C++ and you will find a section named "General". Click on general.
12. The first option will be "Additional Include Directories", paste the following path in front of it: 
C:\SFML\include
13. Click Enter and then click Apply. Expand Linker option from left bar, open General section.
14. Paste the following in front of "Additional Library Directories":
C:\SFML\lib
15. Click Enter and then click on Apply.
16. Now select "Debug" from Configuration and in the linker option, below the general, there's an option named "Input".
17. Click on "Input", first option will be "Additional Dependencies". Click on it and move your cursor to the right side, you will find a drop down button, click on it.
18. Click on Edit, a new interface will be shown. Paste the following in it: 

sfml-graphics-d.lib
sfml-window-d.lib
sfml-system-d.lib
sfml-audio-d.lib
sfml-network-d.lib

19. Click on Ok and then click on Apply and then change the configuration to "Release" and in the same option paste the following: 

sfml-graphics.lib
sfml-window.lib
sfml-system.lib
sfml-audio.lib
sfml-network.lib

20. Do the same i.e. Clink on Ok and Apply.
21. Now come to the C/C++ option, you will find a section named "Language". Click on it.
22. In that section, there's an option named "C++ Language Standard". Choose the following option: 
ISO C++20 Standard (/std:c++20)
23. If this option is not available then click on the following option: 
ISO C++17 Standard (/std:c++17)
24. Click on Apply.
25. Now, Open the SFML folder in the C partition, there's an another folder named "bin". Open it.
26. There will be some 10 or 11 files in it whose names end with .dll. Copy those files.
27. Open the project folder, there will be another folder named x64, open it, open debug folder and paste those files.
28. Now open the VS community and paste a sample code which is given below: 

#include <SFML/Graphics.hpp>
using namespace sf;

int main()
{
    RenderWindow window(VideoMode(800, 600), "SFML Setup Test");
    CircleShape circle(100);
    circle.setFillColor(Color::Green);

    while (window.isOpen())
    {
        Event event;
        while (window.pollEvent(event))
        {
            if (event.type == Event::Closed)
                window.close();
        }

        window.clear();
        window.draw(circle);
        window.display();
    }
}

29. If no error is showing, run this code.
30. A green circle should be printed, if it is printed then Congratulations to you 😭😭😭 ap ka SFML link ho gya h